.TH ADVENE_EXPORT 1 "January 2025" "Advene Export Tool" "User Commands"

.SH NAME
advene_export \- export Advene data to various formats

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ./bin/advene_export
.RI [-o filter_options]
.RI filter_name
.RI input_file
.RI [ output_file_or_dir ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBadvene_export\fP command is used to export Advene data to
various formats. This tool supports various options for debugging,
user configuration, and exporting data with specific filters.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-f ", " \--filter " " \fIFILTER\fP
Specify the export filter. If specified, input files will be automatically converted. Use \fIhelp\fP to get a list of valid export filters.

.TP
.BR \-o ", " \--option " " \fIOPTION-STRING\fP
Specify filter-specific options as key=value items.

.TP
.BR \-s ", " \--settings-dir " " \fISETTINGSDIR\fP
Specify an alternate configuration directory (default: \fI~/.config/advene\fP).

.TP
.BR \-u ", " \--user-id " " \fILOGIN-NAME\fP
Specify the user name to set the author field of elements.

.TP
.BR \-n ", " \--dry-run
Enable dry-run mode.

.TP
.BR \-h ", " \--help
Display a help message and exit.

.TP
.BR \-d ", " \--debug
Display debugging messages.

.TP
.BR \-i ", " \--info
Display info messages.

.TP
.BR \-v ", " \--version
Display version number and exit.

.TP
.B \--no-embedded
Do not embed the video player.

.TP
.BR \-p ", " \--player " " \fI{dummy,gstreamer,gstrecorder}\fP
Select the video player to use.

.TP
.BR \-w ", " \--webserver-port " " \fIPORT_NUMBER\fP
Specify the webserver port number (default: 1234).

.TP
.BR \-m ", " \--webserver-mode " " \fIWEBSERVER_MODE\fP
Set the webserver mode:
.IP
0: deactivated
1: threaded mode.

.SH EXAMPLES

.B advene_export FlatJsonExporter foo.azp foo.json
Export the foo.azp package as a flat JSON file.

.B advene_export -o "video-url=../foo.mp4"  Website foo.azp foo-html/
Export the generated views from foo.azp, using the Website export
filter and specifying the video-url option.

.B advene_export \-d \-s ~/.config/advene_custom \-p gstreamer
Run with debugging enabled, using a custom settings directory and the GStreamer player.

.B advene_export \-f help
Get a list of valid export filters.

.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Olivier Aubert <contact@olivieraubert.net>,
for the Debian project.

.SH SEE ALSO
\fIadvene(1)\fP, \fIadvene_export(1)\fP

.B Advene documentation: \fIhttps://www.advene.org\fP
