.TH ADVENE_IMPORT 1 "January 2025" "Advene Import Tool" "User Commands"

.SH NAME
advene_import \- import data as Advene packages using various filters.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ./bin/advene_import
.RI [ \-o " filter_options" ]
.IR filter_name
.IR input_file
.RI [ output_file ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBadvene_import\fP command is used to import data into Advene using specified filters. The tool supports a variety of options for customization and allows for the use of templates and additional metadata.

.TP
.BR filter_name
Specify the filter to use for importing data. Use \fB"auto"\fP for autodetection (first valid importer) or \fB"list"\fP to display a list of valid importers for the file.

.TP
.BR input_file
The input file to be imported.

.TP
.BR output_file
The file to which output data will be written. If not specified, the data will be dumped to stdout in JSON format.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-o " filter_options"
Specify options for the chosen filter. Use \fB\-o help\fP to display parameter help for a specific filter. Filter parameters shown as \fB--long-option-name\fP in the help message should be passed as \fB\-o long-option-name=value\fP (strip the leading \fB--\fP and use one \fB\-o\fP option per parameter).

.TP
.BR \-o template_package=path.azp
Specify a base template package to be loaded before the import takes place.

.TP
.BR \-o package_title="New title"
Specify a title for the package being created.

.TP
.BR \-o media_file=path_to_video.mp4
Specify the media file name to associate with the imported data.

.SH AVAILABLE FILTERS
The following filters are available for import (as of v. 3.15):

.IP
\(bu Aeidon_(subtitles)_importer
\(bu AnnotationGraph_importer
\(bu Anvil_importer
\(bu Audio_segmentation
\(bu Barcode_detection
\(bu Blocking_importer
\(bu CMML_importer
\(bu Cinelab_importer
\(bu DCP_importer
\(bu DTMF_Tone_detector
\(bu Deepgram_JSON_importer
\(bu Dominant_color_importer
\(bu Dummy_detection
\(bu ELAN_importer
\(bu Feature_detection_(face...)
\(bu Final_Cut_Pro_XML_importer
\(bu FlatJSON_importer
\(bu HPI_Dominant_Color_Extractor
\(bu HPI_concept_extraction
\(bu IRIData_importer
\(bu IRI_importer
\(bu Keyword_extraction
\(bu MPEG7_importer
\(bu Motion_Dynamics_Extractor
\(bu Motion_cell_detection
\(bu OWL_(schema)_importer
\(bu PRAAT_importer
\(bu Scene_change_detection
\(bu ShotdetectApp_importer
\(bu Shotdetect_XML_importer
\(bu Sound_enveloppe
\(bu Subtitle_(SRT)_importer
\(bu TED_importer
\(bu Test_gstreamer_importer
\(bu Text_importer
\(bu Tobii_importer
\(bu Transcriber_importer
\(bu TurTLe_(RDF)_importer
\(bu VIAN_importer
\(bu WebAnnotation_importer
\(bu XEmotion_importer
\(bu Xi_importer
\(bu Youtube_XML_importer
\(bu chaplin_importer
\(bu lsdvd_importer

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B ./bin/advene_import -o media_file=video.mp4 Subtitle_(SRT)_importer subtitles.srt
Import subtitles from an SRT file and associate them with the specified media file.

.TP
.B ./bin/advene_import -o help Subtitle_(SRT)_importer
Display parameter help for the Subtitle (SRT) importer.

.TP
.B ./bin/advene_import list input_file
List valid importers for the specified input file.

.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Olivier Aubert <contact@olivieraubert.net>,
for the Debian project.

.SH SEE ALSO
\fIadvene(1)\fP, \fIadvene_export(1)\fP

.B Advene documentation: \fIhttps://www.advene.org\fP
