.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH ADVENE 1 "December 20, 2011"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
advene \- Annotate Digital Videos, Exchange on the NEt
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B advene
.SH DESCRIPTION
The cross-platform \fBadvene\fP  application allows users to easily
create comments and analyses of video comments, through the
definition of time-aligned annotations and their mobilisation
into automatically-generated or user-written comment views (HTML
documents). Annotations can also be used to modify the rendition
of the audiovisual document, thus providing virtual montage,
captioning, navigation... capabilities. Users can exchange their
comments/analyses in the form of Advene packages, independently from
the video itself.

Use the \-\-help option to get a list of command line options.

User documentation is available from the website
http://www.advene.org/

.SH ETYMOLOGY
\fBadvene\fP is an ancient english word, meaning "to be added to
something or become a part of it, though not essential" (Webster
1913). Good match for an annotation application.

.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Olivier Aubert <contact@olivieraubert.net>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
